What are you doing?
For them to keep fit,
they should do this at least.
Everyone sit.
We're not livestock!
You keep us here
without letting us wash up.
This is a human rights abuse!
For days,
we haven't even brushed our teeth.
It's hard to sleep here,
but what's worse is the smell.
Can we wash up?
I've never spent four days
without brushing my teeth.
-Please.
-Seriously.
-Just this once.
-Please.
-I feel so itchy.
-I can't take it anymore.
-Please.
-I'll be obedient.
-Let us wash up.
-I feel so itchy.
-Please.
We'll feel better
if you let us wash our faces.
You can let us do that much, right?
Are you out of your mind, you brats?
Fine.
Ten people at a time.
Do anything funny,
and the rest will get hurt.
Our basins are in our rooms.
Can we stop by our rooms?
But don't go above the second floor.
First group of ten.
-Me!
-Me first!
Stand in a line in front of me.
-Move.
-Number!
Call out numbers!
One.
-Two.
-Three.
-Four.
-Five.
-Why are we running?
-Ko Hye-ryeong!
-Let's go to our room on the 3rd floor.
-What? But…
I forgot where I put my toothbrush.
It's okay. I have a new one,
so don't worry. Let's go.
Well,
my room's next to the washing room.
Can I stop by for a second?
You must stay on the second floor.
I'm not a student here,
so I have no one to borrow anything from.
Where's your room?
On basement one.
Just kill me.
I won't get out.
I didn't know my bed felt this nice.
Should we tell them
to let us sleep in our rooms from now on?
That's just what you would say.
You think we're camping?
I was just joking, you wench.
Yeong-ro, are you looking for something?
Seol-hui, have you seen my electric watch?
Your watch?
Right! The bag.
It must be in the red bag.
Don't run!
What?
You can't stop me!
Thank…
Thank you for last time.
No one's ever taken my side before.
Thank you.
I mean it.
My room is over there.
Go.